#summary CLT Shuttle Schedule and Passenger List

= Introduction =

As I can fly directly to CLT from my lovely home town (Munich, Germany), I rented a car and will make the road trip from and to Charlotte Airport. It's a [https://www.nationalcar.com/fleet.do midsize SUV from National], so if everyone travels light (just three nights, after all) I can take four passengers along.

That is good for you other attendees, as I expect airfares to CLT to be considerably cheaper than to GSP.

= When, How, Where? =

I'm flying in on the afternoon (3:35pm arrival) on the 16th, and my flight back home leaves at 5:35pm on the 19th. That means the shuttle departs CLT around 4:30pm on the 16th and departs Greenville at 2pm at the latest (a bit earlier, I guess; 1:30pm sounds reasonable) on the 19th.

*If you arrive a bit after ~4pm on the 16th, let me know, and we'll wait. If you need to catch a flight before ~5pm on the 19th, let me know, and we can depart even earlier.*

== Registration ==

Securing a spot is easy: send an email to the rest-fest list and I'll add you below. *Please include airline, flight number, any _operated by…_ codeshare information, departure/arrival time and of course the airport you are coming from and flying back to.*

== Cost ==

Free :)

= Other Shuttles =

If there's enough demand, I could probably do a later second run on the 16th and an earlier one on the 19th, but let's see if one on each day is enough first.

*However*, _you_ could also rent a car yourself and start a second shuttle in this case ;)

= Passengers for September 16 (departure ~4:30pm) =

|| *Pax* || *Flight* || *Origin* || *Arrival* || *Remarks* ||
|| Wombert || [http://www.flightstats.com/go/FlightStatus/flightStatusByFlight.do?airlineCode=LH&flightNumber=428 LH 428] || [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munich_Airport MUC] || 15:35 || must go through immigration ||
|| KevBurnsJr || UA 4078 ([http://www.flightstats.com/go/FlightStatus/flightStatusByFlight.do?airlineCode=CO&flightNumber=1027 CO 1027]) || [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Bush_Intercontinental_Airport IAH] || 15:49 ||||
|| _free_ ||||||||||
|| _free_ ||||||||||
|| _free_ ||||||||||

= Passengers for September 19 (departure ~2pm) =

|| *Pax* || *Flight* || *Destination* || *Departure* || *Remarks* ||
|| Wombert || [http://www.flightstats.com/go/FlightStatus/flightStatusByFlight.do?airlineCode=LH&flightNumber=429 LH 429] || [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munich_Airport MUC] || 17:35 || Int'l flight ||
|| KevBurnsJr || [http://www.flightstats.com/go/FlightStatus/flightStatusByFlight.do?airlineCode=AA&flightNumber=1207 AA 1207] || [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Bush_Intercontinental_Airport IAH] || 18:20 ||||
|| _free_ ||||||||||
|| _free_ ||||||||||
|| _free_ ||||||||||