#summary Some details about me
= About Me =

Hi I am Glenn Block, and here goes my ramble.

I'm a Program Manager at Microsoft having recently joined the WCF team to help drive our REST/HTTP strategy. I've done a lot of jumping around in the 5 years I've been at the Big Blue Monster. :-) I started off in Microsoft Learning working on developer training, then moved to patterns &  practices where I drove the client program (Web Client Software Factory, Prism, etc). My last role before WCF was as a PM on the Managed Extensibility Framework, one of the first parts of the .NET Framework that shipped under an OSS license, and which was incorporated in Mono.

Aside from builidng products, I've been very involved with the .NET community in particular the ALT.NET community for which I have organized several events. From a community perspective, I've also exercised quite a bit of energy raising awareness internally on community practics and promoting changes in the platform to better accomodate development practices like Agile, TDD, BDD, GOF patterns, etc. I am also a big fan of OSS and am an avid user of and contributor to various OSS projects (shh don't tell anyone)

Prior to Microsoft I worked for about 10 years developing both internal and customer facing applications for a variety of companies including a bunch of startups that lost their money ;-).

Technologies I've worked with are too many. I have done a lot of work on the Microsoft stack however I have also dipped my feet professionally in Java, Linux and Oracle development. More recently I've become very intrigured with Ruby / Rails. I'm also keen on good practices for developing software and am a practitioner of TDD and BDD.


= Online =

  * Twitter: [http://twitter.com/gblock @gblock]
  * Blog: http://www.codebetter.com/blogs/glenn.block
  * Blog: http://blogs.msdn.com/gblock